Add required sprites to unbanked and banked large gentle turns (#24343)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#22628] Potential crash while rebuilding the scenario index.
- Fix: [#23289] Dodgems and Flying Saucer cars can spawn on top of each other when the ride is opened.
- Fix: [#24332] Banner font renders differently when using RCT Classic as the base game.

> - Fix: [#24343] Large gentle turns are buildable without cheats when the vehicles do not have sprites for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#24343] Large gently sloped turns are buildable without cheats when the vehicles do not have sprites for them.
```
